/*
LLD:

How to approach LLD problems:
Types of LLD rounds
Expectations
Approach to a problem
Types of LLD interviews:
Theoretical rounds (amazon, microsoft, non-tech company)
What is a design pattern???
CS fundamentals
DB questions
Design problems/ LLD rounds
Questions are abstract (non-ellaborative problems/ one liner)
Design splitwise, pen, etc
This is to check how do you gather your requirements, use cases, understanding the details?
Clarify problems/ requirements
Design abilities
Use case diagram
Class diagram (every time you need to design class diagram, use case and schema designs are optional)
Schema design
In this round, you are never asked to write complete code, mostly one or two classes to see OOPs concepts
Machine coding round (IDE required)
You are given a detailed set of requirements (detailed problems)
There is always scope of clarification (2 hours for this round)
Clarify the requirements
Class diagram/ schema designs
Code a complete working design with input and output passed and optimisation 
Q: What does a working solution mean?
A: 1. the requirements should be done - take inputs and process correct outputs
 2. Project should be of good design (project structure), make use of design patterns (strategy, adapter, factory, builder DP)
Concurrency - handle race condition, multi-threading (where should we use multi-threading)
Testing (rare) - write unit test cases for the requirements

Q: what is the difference between machine coding round and LLD round?
A: requirements; in LLD, you have to gather the requirements (follow SDLC); in machine coding, you have requirements and you need to design the code (follow design patterns)

Q: How to approach LLD problems?
A: problem
Gathering requirements (5-6 mins)
Expectations: you are expected to lead the interview (giving ideas and lead the system like your own)
Suggest ideas and different features/ use cases
Make pointers (write all the pointers that you and interviewer are discussing)
Current scope of the product
What is the product? 
What is X? (ask the question to get the high level understanding of system)
List down all the use cases
In your mind, have a high level overview of why a system exist and what does it do?
How will a user interact with system
Command line interaction 
APIs (get and post rest API) web interaction
Clarifying (6-8 mins)
Current scope (all the different use cases/ requirements work)
Edge cases (variation based use cases)
visualise (in slowmo - each step)
Future scope
Can this happen in a different way in future? (ideation with edge cases)
Ask clarification that can impact your design
Use case diagrams
Ask if need to draw this diagram
Write atleast one use case with includes or extends
Class diagrams
What does a class diagram involve? - only draw the models (classes)
Don’t need to be exact with the methods that will be there in every entity.
List down the entities, corresponding classes and attribute of those entity.
List all the cardinality of relations  
Code (models, controllers, services, etc)

Ways to identify classes
Nouns
Visualisation












Q: Design a Pen (amazon question)
A: real world problem - entity design problem
Gathering a requirements
What is pen? (would you mind telling me about the pen system?)
Can there be different types of pen in the system?
How do we define a pen? (description)
Anything that can write is a pen
Details of every entity (finding the attributes) 
Entity is a class, ask about the attributes (suggest first)
Pen is a refillable or not?
Color of a pen (ink)
A refil as a nib
Fountain pen has a nib
Use cases
A pen is anything that can write
All pens have brand name and price
Pen can be either ball pen or gel pen or fountain
Ball pen and gel pen have refil
Refil has nib and ink
Fountain pen has nib and ink
Ink can be of any color
Some pens are refillable, some might not be
Clarifying the requirements
Different pens might write in a different way => means different nibs
Nib has a radius (0.5mm-1mm)
Class diagram
Write about different classes of your system
Define attributes
Define interface
Can any pen is refillable
If yes, that class should implement that interface
If no, pass
change_refil()








Q: Design the game of tic-tac-toe game that is played between two players on a n x n grid. The game supports following features:
1. One or both of the two players can be computer.
2. User should be able to select a difficulty level(easy, medium, hard) while playing with a computer.

A: according to SDLC
Gathering requirements:
Define tic tac toe game: the game is nxn grid, there will be only two inputs: X and O. if there will be three letf/right/up/down/cross same values, there will be win
Two users are playing this: one or both will be the user, other will be computer in case of one real user
What are the difficulty levels: easy, medium, hard
Clarifying the requirements:
Did i understand this correctly?


*/
